[CES] Rename product (#16032)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/email-security/account-setup/sso/azure.md

## 3. Test SSO configuration

> After completing both the Azure and Email Security set ups, you can test your SSO access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing both the Azure and Email Security setups, you can test your SSO access.
```

3. Go to **Settings** > **SSO**.

4. Locate the Email Security Horizon application (or whichever name you gave your application), and select it to initiate your SSO login with Email Security.

5. If you configured everything correctly, you should be signed in to the Email Security Portal and redirected to the dashboard.

## Troubleshooting

If you have trouble connecting your Azure account to Email Security, make sure that:

- The user exists in the Email Security dashboard.
- The **Identifier** and **Reply URLs** in Azure AD are correct (refer to **Basic SAML Configuration** in step 7 of [Azure Active Directory configuration](#1-azure-active-directory-configuration)).
- **Sign SAML response** and **SHA-1** are selected in Azure AD (refer to **SAML Certificates** in step 9 of [Azure Active Directory configuration](#1-azure-active-directory-configuration)).

> - The SAML SSO Domain is set correctly in the Email Security dashboard (refer to step 6 in [Configure Email Security to connect to Azure](#2-configure-cloud-email-security-to-connect-to-azure)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SAML SSO Domain is set correctly in the Email Security dashboard (refer to step 6 in [Configure Email Security to connect to Azure](#2-configure-email-security-to-connect-to-azure)).
```
